Now, there is some additional coding we need to do here
in this logging component at Ts.
And that work is in the ngOnInit method.
So let's zoom in here for a second.
And so the first thing we'll do here is we'll say
this .oktaSignin.remove,
just to remove any previous elements that were there
that were rendered.
And now we're going to tell them to render the sign
in widget.
So renderEL, so render an element.
And we tell it which element to render.
And we provide this as Jason.
So we have element okta-sign-in-widget.
And so, we're saying, Hey.
Render the element with the given ID.
And that's the idea
that we define in our previous HTML file.
And so, again, this name should be the same
as the div tag in our logging component at HTML.
So, whatever you have over there
make sure you have it listed here,
okta-sign-in-widget.
You can use any name,
just stay consistent between the two files.
And so, the user attempts to log in,
we get a response.
We check the response status.
We see if it's successful.
If so, then we'll go ahead and do a sign in with redirect.
So that'll sign in the user accordingly
and redirect them to our redirect URI.
In the event that there was an error during sign-in,
then we'll simply throw that error.
Alrighty, so that's the coding there for the ngOnInit.
Let me just kind of look over everything
and double check it.
And, ooh, I see a typo, typo.
I need to put the pound
or the hashtag right here on okta-sign-in-widget,
so it'll know how to parse that
and use the appropriate element ID.
So make sure you fix that in your application, hashtag.
All right, so that's all the coding here
in place for our login component.
And now this coding here looks pretty good.